Cookie Policy
Learn how AdCounty Media uses cookies and how you can manage them.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data sent from a website and stored in a user's web browser while the user is browsing a particular website. Every time the user loads a website, the browser sends the cookie related to that website back to the website server to notify the website of the user's previous activity on that website. They are often used as a mechanism by websites to remember activities that a website browser has done there in the past, for example, clicking on particular buttons, logging in, or having read pages on that site months or years ago.
How AdCounty Media uses Cookies?
Strictly Necessary Cookies:
These are cookies that are a mandate for our website to operate. They include but are not limited to, cookies that enable you to log into the secure areas of our website.
Analytical/Performance Cookies:
These cookies help us identify & count the number of visits. They also help qualify & quantify how visitors move around on our website. This helps us improve our website by optimizing the maximum used areas of our website and making them user-friendly.
Functionality Cookies:
We use these cookies to improve the functional performance of our website thus making it personalized for you, e.g., keeping you logged in or keeping your shopping cart as you previously left it.
What Happens with Social Networks?
If you 'share' AdCounty Media content with friends through social media like Facebook, Twitter or other social networks, you may send cookies from these social media websites. We do not have any control over the settings of these cookies, thus please check these social media websites for detailed information about their cookies and how to manage them. By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Managing Cookies
You can manage cookies by changing or activating the setting on your web browser which would allow you to either accept or refuse the settings of some or all cookies. If you wish to manage your preferences regarding cookies, refer to the online help files available using your web browser for detailed instructions. Alternatively, you can visit
https://www.aboutcookies.org/
for further information.
Please note, if you refuse to accept cookies from our website, you may not be able to use some additional features that the website offers. In fact, some areas of the website may not be accessible at all.
Contact Us
If you have any issues or concerns regarding this Cookie Policy, please contact us at
support@adcountymedia.com