Privacy Policy
Please read our privacy policy carefully to understand how we handle your data.
AdCounty Media is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal data. This Privacy note details how AdCounty Media India Ltd, (collectively, "AdCounty Media" or "we", "us", "our") collects and uses information/data of our users when they visit our website, www.adcountymedia.com.
By visiting the website or accessing some parts of the website, you agree to accept the terms and conditions stated in this Privacy Policy. And, by using this website, you express your consent to our use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms and conditions, then do not use or access the website.
1. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect certain personally identifiable information from our users which includes:
Personal Information-
The information that you submit when you register with us. It includes your email address, password and contact details. We also gather information which you provide us when you contact our support, provide feedback, respond to our communications, or communicate with us via email.
Technical Information-
It includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
2. HOW WE COLLECT IT?
We get access to your personal information when
Register on the website/Create an account
Subscribe to our newsletter
Open our emails
Post comments on the site
Link to the site through the social media channels
3. WHY WE COLLECT IT?
We collect your personal information for the following purposes:
Provide you with a better user experience
Improve the website
For personalized marketing via email or direct marketing offers
Analyze your interests and to provide you with additional information about us, our sellers and partners
To respond to your queries
For analyze marketing and advertising reach and effectiveness
To read user behavior
To send you updates, reminders, support and marketing messages, security alerts and information and services requests made by you among others.
For promotional activities, events, surveys and rewards.
To understand your interests better so that we can provide you with relevant information and offers.
For website analytics
For legal obligations and to resolve disputes
4. DISCLOSING THE INFORMATION
We understand the importance of securing your personal information. We are committed to securing your personal data and will not share it except in the following cases:
With our sellers and partners, so that they can provide you with seamless service and deliver the needful.
For legal compliance or in case of government requests
For identity verification and to detect, prevent or investigate frauds, crimes or cyber incidents.
AdCounty reserves the right to send promotional messages via various platforms, including but not limited to SMS, RCS, email, WhatsApp, and other communication channels.
We try and ensure that our business partners with whom we share the data, comply with our privacy policy and use the data for the aforementioned purposes. However, their use of the personal data and its processing is governed by their Privacy Policy only and is out of the subject of our control.
5. WHO DO WE SHARE INFORMATION WITH?
(a) Publishers, Developers, Advertisers
AdCounty Media might share the data collected/received regarding you as mentioned in our privacy policy with our advertisers publishers, or developers and our data companies. They might use this data or information to display ads relevant to you, determine the interest areas of the users, study your site interaction and user behavior to improve their services. Such partners' use of the information we share with them will be governed by their respective privacy policies.
(b) With Affiliates
We may also share your information with affiliates of AdCounty Media so that we can better provide advertising that is relevant to you.
(c) Sharing information with third parties such as advisors and law enforcement authorities
We might require to disclose your personal information to law enforcement authorities, as and when necessary to comply with rules and regulations, enforce our terms and conditions, protect our users' safety and our rights, as well and for fraud protection.
6. INFORMATION SECURITY
We take stringent measures to ensure the privacy, integrity and security of your personal data. We constantly strive to protect your information against any fraudulent or unauthorized usage, access, or disclosure.
For the same, we use the most secure server for systems where your personal data is collected and stored to prevent any unwarranted access. We adopt the highest security measures for data collection, storage and processing.
However, we shall not be responsible for any security breach due to any actions of Third Parties that have your personal information. There are many third party links on the website and we have no control over their privacy policy and security practices.
7. THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING
We may employ third-party advertising companies and/or ad agencies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (excluding your name, email address, or phone number) about your visits to this website, and your interaction with our products/services, in order to offer advertisements on this website and other third-party websites about products and services that may be of interest to you. They may also use information about your visits to other websites to offer targeted advertisements for products and services. No personally identifiable information is collected in this process.
8. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
There might be affiliates or other third-party websites linked to AdCounty Media. Personal information that you provide to those sites is not our property. These affiliated sites have their separate and independent privacy policies and we encourage you to read their privacy policies when you visit them. Offer County does not hold any responsibility or liability for the activities and the content of these third-party sites.
9. NO WARRANTIES
Although AdCounty Media attempts to provide accurate content on the website, it makes no warranty that such content is accurate or suitable for any particular purpose or will meet your requirements or will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis.
10. SPAM AND SALE OF INFORMATION
We despise spam. We will never do something that we hate ourselves. Thus, you can rest assured that we will not spam your mailboxes with unsolicited emails, and we will never sell your information to other parties.
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event will AdCounty Media be liable for any damages, including without limitation, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, whether under a contract, tort or any other theory of liability, arising in connection with any party's use of the website or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, line system failure, loss of data, or loss of use related to this website or any website operated by any third-party or any contents of this website or any other website, even if AdCounty Media is aware of the possibility of such damages.
12. INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold AdCounty Media harmless from and against all expenses, claims, losses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the website.
13. DISCLAIMER
The information contained on our website has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable.  AdCounty Media disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness of the materials or the reliability of any advice, statement, opinion or other information distributed through the website. You agree that any reliance on any such statement, opinion, advice or information shall be at your sole risk and shall not be held against AdCounty Media for any legal or personal purposes. AdCounty Media reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the Website. AdCounty Media may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content described in the website without notice.
14. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We aim to meet the highest of standards. We reserve the right to amend the terms of service mentioned in this Privacy Policy with or without prior notice. However, if you do not agree to the changes, you may discontinue accessing our website. Hence, check this page at regular intervals for the latest changes and updates.
15. CONTACT US
If you have any queries regarding our privacy policy or any questions about our practices, you can contact us at
support@adcountymedia.com